kb(common): Add KB for localization errors (#674)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/common-partial-localization.md

The Telerik UI for Blazor suite grows rapidly, and we constantly add new features and components, so the localization file receives more and more keys with each release. You may want to review it for changes every time you upgrade the Telerik version or include a new component that you haven't used before.

The following repository contains translations provided by the community. You can use them as base and also contribute your own - both new translations, and updates to older ones that contain new keys. We welcome contributions and pull requests. Repository link: [https://github.com/telerik/blazor-ui-messages](https://github.com/telerik/blazor-ui-messages).

> Apart from missing texts, you may occasionally experience an error, similar to this one:

Reviewer: "text" is normally not used as a countable noun, so it cannot have plural.

```suggestion
Apart from missing localization strings, you may occasionally experience an error, similar to this one:
```
